Create survey.md (#3)
webrtc-nu/www: survey.md

# possible survey

One really good early idea was to send out a survey via the existing local user groups
Let's use this page to draft the intro/questions

## intro

This survey aims to try and provide informal answers to some questons that have come up in the W3C WebRTC working group sessions
your answers will be collated and presented in aggregate to a future working group session which will hopefully make for standards that better meet your needs

## questions that have come up recently in the W3C
### Your dev experience of the WebRTC API
1) I work with the WebRTC APIs every day
2) I regularly use the WebRTC APIs
3) I occasionally need to use WebRTC APIs

> 4) I only use WebRTC via a library - never directly to the w3c APIs

Reviewer: Should we add an option/clarify this point that you are using a PaaS/WebRTC Provider? When I think library I think SimpleWebRTC/PeerJS etc., and not necessarily daily/whereby/vonage/twilio

Author: I did wonder about that. The aim of the question is to weed out folks who aren't actively consuming the webRTC APIs.
I want to avoid the (inevitable) push back from the WG eg "they should use libraries for that" by trying to talk to the actual library author. 

I do take your point about peerJS vs vonnage can you advise a term that includes both?

Reviewer 2: I think input from category (4) users is interesting -- because most SDKs further limit the webrtc API, i.e., do not expose all the webrtc features. nonetheless, input from the developer will at least expose the need for a particular feature. It may just be a case that it is already available.

Reviewer 2: About the CPaaS vs PeerJS -- maybe WebRTC SDK instead of library? to some developers those options might be interchangeable.

5) I manage a team who use the webRTC APIs
6) I never used the webRTC APIs

> ### Async functions in javascript APIs

Reviewer: This sounds less like a WebRTC W3C working group question, and more like a pure JavaScript one. FWIW interviewing hundreds of JS devs over the years I don't think I've seen anyone seriously consider async/promises a bad thing for JavaScript. (But I don't want to start a holy war in this code review in case anyone has other opinions)

Author: You'd think that - but honestly - the working group spent at least an hour (felt like days) arguing about how much effort we should go to to avoid adding non-essential async functions.

(the context was getCropTarget() - there is an async impl in a chrome trial but several of us argued that it should not be async. Others argued that devs don't care) 
So this would actually clear up an argument.

Reviewer: Makes sense to me! As a meta-comment, I get the "should this be async or not" argument where we shouldn't over-promisify something that really doesn't need it, but we should definitely move away from callbacks on new APIs 😅 Anyway!

1) Async functions make life easy
2) Async functions can make APIs cleaner but do add complexity
3) Async functions are to be avoided if possible
4) Callbacks forever

### SDP mungeing 
Our WebRTC (in-browser) javascript :
1) rewrites SDP often
2) occasionally rewrites SDP because suitable APIs don't exist
3) never rewrites SDP 

> ### Data channels on own workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data channels in WebWorkers
```

Our WebRTC application:
1) doesn't use datachannels

> 2) uses data channels, but they are ok on the main thread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) uses data channels, but we prefer them in the main thread
```

Author: I think risks implying that in the future data channels _can't_ be on the main thread - which isn't what I mean.
(the context here is that safari allows you to transfer an opening data channel to a web worker via postmessage )

Reviewer: Yeah, I was struggling a bit with those one myself. If I'm understanding the question from the WG correctly, it is: "Is there developer pull for supporting data channels inside Web Workers?"?

Author: Yes and perhaps the scale of the demand.

> 3) uses data channels but it would be better if they could run in their own workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) uses data channels but we would like them to work inside WebWorkers
```

(Disclaimer, never used DataChannels, have no idea if they actually work inside WebWorkers)

Author: See above. 
Perhaps 'like them to be able to work inside Web Workers"

### Learning the API

> Developers new to WebRTC find it:

Reviewer: I would ask this in the first person, so people don't assume how others feel.

```suggestion
When I started learning WebRTC, I found it
```
